{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh12320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 website ideas:\
\
good sources:\
www.genevievehoffman.com/\
kylemcdonald.net\
pdarche.net\
\
CC license, etc\
make each page a new css/html/jquery thing? not sure, but something to explore\
\
special icon on tab\
\
really just want a portfolio, about and contact page. nothing other that that. \
\
I like the idea of images with a little bit of text, and then those would obviously have to go to a new page, so i think that means that i will need quite a few pages\
\
contact:\
email and icon for twitter follow. see addiewagenknecht\
\
\
drag and drop mobile jquery\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://polycrypt.net/"}}{\fldrslt http://polycrypt.net/}}\
\
modernizer for other browsers\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://modernizr.com/docs/"}}{\fldrslt http://modernizr.com/docs/}}\
\

\b Watching You\

\b0 put vimeo up on tumblr. i don't really like the vimeo icon but i guess that's okay\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vimeo.com/56958834"}}{\fldrslt https://vimeo.com/56958834}}\
\

\b Lady of Shalott\

\b0 actually document/film it\
\

\b Octojam\

\b0 \

\b What is Missing?\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://whatismissing.net/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 http://whatismissing.net/}}
\b0 \
add screenshots\
\

\b OWSJ\

\b0 "We write for the 99%"\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://occupiedmedia.us/"}}{\fldrslt http://occupiedmedia.us/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://occupiedmedia.us/download-the-paper/"}}{\fldrslt http://occupiedmedia.us/download-the-paper/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/occupiedwsj"}}{\fldrslt https://www.facebook.com/occupiedwsj}}\
\

\b trash\

\b0 histor\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thisisyourtrash.wordpress.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://thisisyourtrash.wordpress.com/}}\
hahaha\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aolnews.com/2010/03/25/dumpster-diving-the-rules-of-the-load/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.aolnews.com/2010/03/25/dumpster-diving-the-rules-of-the-load/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bargainbabe.com/2010/03/16/bargain-babe-goes-dumpster-diving/"}}{\fldrslt http://bargainbabe.com/2010/03/16/bargain-babe-goes-dumpster-diving/}}\
\

\b Writings
\b0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/author/allison/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.animalnewyork.com/author/allison/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.indypendent.org/2012/03/30/sex-workers-shadows"}}{\fldrslt http://www.indypendent.org/2012/03/30/sex-workers-shadows}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/500000-in-montreal-say-fuck-you-to-emergency-protest-bill/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/500000-in-montreal-say-fuck-you-to-emergency-protest-bill/}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/ows-librarians-suing-bloomberg-for-property-destruction-but-it-was-never-about-the-books/"}}{\fldrslt \
}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/ows-librarians-suing-bloomberg-for-property-destruction-but-it-was-never-about-the-books/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/ows-librarians-suing-bloomberg-for-property-destruction-but-it-was-never-about-the-books/}}\
stop and frisk {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/fact-checking-fun-with-ray-kelly/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/fact-checking-fun-with-ray-kelly/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/global-political-crisis-why-occupiers-dont-care-if-you-think-occupy-is-dead/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/global-political-crisis-why-occupiers-dont-care-if-you-think-occupy-is-dead/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/anarchism-in-no-church-in-the-wild-as-seen-from-kanye-west-and-jay-zs-ivory-tower/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.animalnewyork.com/2012/anarchism-in-no-church-in-the-wild-as-seen-from-kanye-west-and-jay-zs-ivory-tower/}}\
\
good magazine: first to write about OWS, quidditch, koch bros, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.good.is/members/allisonburtch"}}{\fldrslt http://www.good.is/members/allisonburtch}}\
\

\b \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f1\fs36 \cf0 Bike Stuff\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
I love riding bikes. \
In the summer of 2008 I co-led a bike tour in Europe. Six teenage boys from Amsterdam to Paris. I laughed a lot. \
In 2009 I biked from New York City to Los Angeles as part of a tour for the Bicycle Film Festival and 42 Below Vodka, the sponsor of the festival. It was supposed to be a vodka marketing tour but really ended up being the best summer of my life and one of the reasons I moved to NYC. \
I briefly worked for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rapha.cc/cycle-club/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Rapha}} at their pop-up store on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowery"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Bowery}} in NYC. \
In 2010, I wrote {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.good.is/posts/cat-6-competitive-commuting-turns-bike-rides-into-races/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 an article}} about competitive bike commuting, labelling it "cat 6" racing. Cat 6 is a reference to competitive cycling in which one begins in category 5 and progresses to category 1. The New York Times referenced the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://schott.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/12/17/cat-6-and-competitive-commuting/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 terminology}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9D0DE4DD1630F931A25751C1A9669D8B63"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 article}} twice. \
It was also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://prollyisnotprobably.com/2010/11/good-competitive-commuting-turns-bike-rides-into-races/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 featured}} for a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bikesnobnyc.blogspot.com/2010/11/things-are-looking-up-its-comfort-thing.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 week}} on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bikesnobnyc.blogspot.com/2010/11/bsnyc-friday-kosher-wine-tasting.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Bike Snob\ulnone  }}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bikesnobnyc.blogspot.com/2011/05/probing-for-answers-cat-6-racing-boom.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 and}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordspy.com/words/competitivecommuting.asp"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 in}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://texlouisvillebike.blogspot.com/2010/11/cat-6.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 countless}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.normalguytri.com/journal/tag/news"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 blogs}} \
In 2011 I did an 8-day tour of the Adirondacks. \
In 2012 I did a solo tour from Boston to Prince Edward Island, took a train to Montreal and then biked back.
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 anything else? prob not}